- Hello, welcome to another episode of Drop As A Line, the bit of clubfish where we hear
from you with your questions, concerns, comments, corrections, jokes we didn't think of in the
main version of the show, a couple of those coming up. Right, I want to introduce a new
section actually this time to Drop As A Line. It's called Get Yourself Off The Hook and
it's on the fish-based pun where if there's a correction or something then you have a
chance to get yourself off the hook. - You could call it goth, get off the hook and then
we can dress up in emo costumes. - Yeah, perfect.
- Are we dressing up as goths just for the segment and then there's a costume change
for the rest of the show? - That's what I'm thinking.
- I like it, I'm in. - Okay, actually this is another new bit I'm introducing.
- Hang on. - Jesus Christ. So Andy, is this going to be any substance or all format this
show? - It's going to be pure format, 100% procedural.
- Right, come on then Andy. - Okay, come on.
- We've got some really good stuff. So number one, this is a potential correction, Get Yourself
Off The Hook. This is from someone called Doug Slokum. I've just listened to your latest
podcast, great as always, but I did notice two factual errors in the episode. Okay, one
of them I think is mine. First, you joke that Lassie, as the name implies, is female. In
fact, all nine dogs to play the character were male.
- Okay, and the character herself was? - Female.
- Right, so that's us right off the hook. - Well I assume, I might be wrong, but I also
assume that the character was female, but she was played by males because that's what
Hollywood was like in those days. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Every film before the 1970s actually, all the women played by men.
- Catherine Hepburn was an incredible man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, okay, well we're
off the hook immediately on that one. This next one is going to be a little bit harder
to wriggle, I think. Secondly, you joked that Fred from Scooby-Doo, if you remember this
bit, I'm looking at you, James, had a red Ascot scarf and would therefore be signalling
that he was into fisting in the handkerchief code of late '70s, '80s gay culture. Fred's
Ascot was actually orange, so he would be into anything goes.
- All right, you see this? This is the problem that I came up with, is that I'm actually
colour blind? - Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, okay, so here's another thing. Right, we did an
audience facts section, which has been a complete disaster in terms of fact checking. We have
had a lot of corrections on other people's facts.
- Should we not bring all those people in here for addressing down?
- There honestly isn't room in this room, which would fit about 30 people in it for all the
corrections we've had. Huge amount of correspondence about Thomas the Testicle.
- Yes.
- Like massive match-ups.
- Yeah, my DMs have been going nuts with Thomas the Testicle chat.
- So just to quickly recap, we said that--
- That was cartoon, was it?
- Jesus had a disciple called Thomas the Testicle because of his name. So I'm just going to
read out one of the messages we've got, because there are dozens, and this is from Anand Viswanthanan,
who's a surgeon at Moorfields Eye Hospital, and expressed it in the pithiest way. So just
a quick note if you are listening, if you do want to send in a correction, express it
pithily in case more than one person has made the correction. So here we go. Your informant
is referring to Thomas Didimus, aka doubting Thomas. Didimus here means "twin", although
it's also an archaic word for "testis". The plums are twins after all, in a way, and
the epididimus is still a respectable part of human anatomy. However, this etymology
for the disciple is a bit of a stretch, and quite a painful one. There we go. It's actually
Thomas the Twin, maybe because he looked like Jesus, maybe something else, but it's not
Thomas the Testicle.
- But he would have been bullied at school with that name, which actually technically
also can mean "pair of testicles", as well as twins, right?
- Is that what it means? Does epididimus mean "pair of testicles"?
- No, the epidimus is a pipe that links one thing to the other inside.
- So the guy who messaged me, if you remember on the night, it was a DM that I got, and he
said "more to come", if you want, and I said "yes please", so we went on stage at 7.30,
I wasn't able to check my messages again. Poor guy had messaged me with a full explanation
by 8pm while we were on stage, yeah. So he messaged saying "thanks for using my fact",
but also, you know, cheers for making me sound like a weirdo, and a lot of people came to
his defence.
- Yeah, because poor him, I think we said on stage on the day, "that's definitely not
true, sounds like absolute rubbish", and this guy has sent, well no, because he sent a big
explanation in. We just haven't read it. Who's this on?
- I think Dan's friend, perhaps, shouldn't have just sent a message with a headline with
some clickbait, he should have sent the whole fact.
- There we go, yeah, exactly. In future, send me the full thing, just in case I'm on stage.
- You're not going to read it, Dan, are you? That's to be honest. You never read more than
a headline in anything.
- Exactly, that's true.
- I think no blame for that one.
- Okay, well, some blame, because I've received seven emails about Thomas the Testicle.
- John Pertwee, no, not the former Doctor Who.
- Oh, oh.
- If you thought he was genuinely getting in touch, I can't believe your reaction wasn't
more than, huh, all right.
- So, John Pertwee died in 1996, so it's almost certainly not him. Hang on, he's a time lord.
John Pertwee, so possibly that one after all, says, "I can't believe you repeated the Urban
Legend about flushing toilets after 10 p.m. here in Switzerland."
- How interesting.
- Which I think we quote an audience member who sent the fact saying it's illegal. "There
is no such law. I've been living here in Valle for 20 years. I promise you, if the law existed,
I'd have been arrested many times."
- Yeah, because actually the week afterwards, I went to Switzerland and inadvertently flushed
the toilet after 10 o'clock, and as soon as I did it, I shit myself, because I'm like,
"Oh, no, that is illegal."
- And then you have to flush it again.
- But then I thought, well, no one's gonna know, 'cause we're in like a little kind
of chalet which wasn't near other places, but then I thought, what if they have sensors
in the sewers?
- They must do.
- 'Cause that's possible, right?
- Yeah.
- They have sensors in the sewers, and whenever someone flushes, they might be able to tell
where it comes from.
- Of course they'll be able to, 'cause they'll have DNA evidence linking you to--
- How high do you think Swiss people's taxes are? They're paying for sensors in everyone's
tax person.
- They're very high. It's a very big government kind of place.
- Yeah.
- Okay, well, it's all going towards these special flush sensors.
- Well, anyway, I was worried about that, and in the end, no policeman knocked on my door.
- I'd love if they collected it and just returned it to you.
I believe this is yours.
- Please.
- This was flushed at 10 o' one.
- Maybe you can wait until 6 a.m. before you flush that again, 'cause it'd be so obvious
in the underground cathedral vault space of the sewers. You'd see one solitary poop floating
towards the processing center.
- Little Union Jack in it. This is one of those tourists.
- That's weird, 'cause they were Swiss, weren't they, that person?
- Yeah, that person was there. And also, when I was in Switzerland, I was told by the owner
of the Airbnb that after 10 o'clock, I wasn't allowed to make any extraneous noise.
- Oh.
- Are you really?
- Yeah. Genuinely, they said that's the rules.
- Wow.
- I guess it just doesn't qualify as extraneous noise.
- Was she one of the people that we invited onto stage? I think she won, almost. I feel
like I want to say she won. We're gonna have to revoke.
- Very troubling.
- After a step of pride.
- If you're listening, please send back the comically tiny trophy that we gave you.
- We've got a good... Just to give us a break for all the corrections, so I'm afraid there
are a few more of those to come. We've got a "You were right."
thing. And this was about an audience...
- What? We can't do "You were right" facts.
- Well, no, it's because... So this got sent to us as a fact, right? And we had pointed
out that this had been denied by one of the people involved in it. But actually, this
is someone getting in touch to say, "No, the denial is wrong. You were right." I'll explain.
So this is sent by Patrick from Morrison's. Okay?
- Works in Morrison's. Sorry. Oh, he sent an email while he was in Morrison's.
- Works in Morrison's. I was just listening to the podcast.
As one does. I like that. And when Morrison's "Turning off the beeps in store following
the Queen's death was discussed, I was astonished to hear they denied it, particularly as I
work in a Morrison's." And that's precisely what happened. So we said... Oh, we've been
told that Morrison's turned off the beeps all the checkouts, but Morrison's have said
they didn't. They just turned them down.
- Yeah, absolutely. Well, they said that they just turned them down, yeah.
- It made me angrier than I know how to rationally explain, as I despise working there.
But they turned off music, beeps on checkouts, self-scanner otherwise, and likewise not only
banned the use of the Tanoi system, but unplugged it and kept it in the manager's office, lest
anyone was tempted to put out a rogue Tanoi calling Queen Elizabeth to check out, I suppose.
- That's awesome. More of that.
- More of that.
- What's Morrison's playing at? Oh, we didn't do it. We did. Just come out and admit it.
It's not that big a deal.
- Just own it.
- Yeah.
- I'm not sure where legally we stand now in relation to Morrison's.
- Well, I'd just like to say that all supermarkets are terrible. Does that balance it?
- I think that does that, correct.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Joke we missed.
- Oh, yeah.
- Great.
- I've been meaning to write for a while that I loved the pez and pedant segment from several
weeks ago. This is from Amusing Fool, by the way. But what finally got me to write was
Proust rubbing a chicken? Do you remember we said that Proust woke up a violinist in the
middle of the night?
- Yeah, four, in fact.
- And he was called Poulet, the violinist.
- Yeah.
- Did we not meant to... Okay.
- No, I don't think we made the connection between rubbing a chicken, which we refer to
a lot in that podcast, and Proust.
- That's a Poulet.
- I did it in my head, I must say, but just decided not to say it on the day.
- I think I did it in my head, but couldn't think of anything to say that was remotely
clever or funny.
- Dan, did you think of it in your head, but also just not make the joke at the time?
- No, I don't even get the joke that's being made right now. I thought you were referencing
that you...
- Poulet is French for chicken.
- Cool.
- Proust was kind of rubbing a chicken.
- I should also say that quite regularly when people message us saying you forgot this joke,
one of us did make it and I decided to cut it out. That does happen quite often.
- Yes.
- If James didn't say it, it will not be in the show, or it will, and he hasn't said
it.
- We've been pinnino'd on one thing.
- Oh, yeah.
- Episode 371. This is actually a typographical correction rather, I think we said.
- 371, we're up to 460 something at the moment, right?
- Yes, this is a mere two years ago.
- I do feel like maybe we should have a statute of limitations for these corrections.
- Episode 371, no such thing as a welcome lasagne. I fully expected the fact to be that there
is no such thing as a welcome lasagne because it is grammatically incorrect. This is from
Chiara, by the way, who I think might know a way around the Italian language.
- I was just going to say though, did we say that there is a such thing as that, or did
we say there's no such thing as that?
- I think we said no such thing as that.
- That's fine then.
- But not for the reason she identifies.
- I don't like this new segment. I don't like Off the Hook.
- LaSagne is the plural of LaSagne, yeah. I was especially surprised that James Pinino
Harkin would have overlooked this, Chiara says. She follows up with some kind words about
the show, but I think the damage is done.
- Yeah, it means nothing at that stage.
- It is a mystery, someone pointed out to me. James Pinino Harkin, I've got a new nickname
on my Wikipedia.
- Oh, have you?
- And I don't know where it's come from.
- Well, I remember, do you remember on Wikipedia, you were the face of comedy for a while?
- I was, yeah.
- And I think a few jokes were made about people changing people's Wikipedia's, and I wonder
if people took those a bit too seriously and did actual changes.
- Possibly, but usually there's a reference to something that we can grab on to. Here's
my new nickname. I am now Daniel Gary Schreiber.
- Oh, okay.
- I don't remember that.
- Gary come from, it's not presented as a middle name, it's just in nickname otherwise
known as, I used to be Daniel, Dan Schreiber.
- I have a vague, someone listening to this will know, but I have a vague memory of us
doing the, the ats at the end of the show and you saying, I'm at Gary.
- Oh really?
- Maybe you were talking about the Queen being called Gary by her, by William when he was
a kid.
- No, it's coming back to me. It was an experiment and they changed the name of someone in the
experiment and I said that we should change the name again so that no one would know it
and you said, and I'm going to change my name and I'm going to change it to Gary.
- Brilliant.
- I can't remember what, yeah.
- That was within the last two months.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I was like watching Sherlock.
- That was incredible.
- That was like being at a sale for me. I'm sensing something's coming.
- The ghost of John Pertwee is telling me something.
- James sat forward, his fingers were on his temples, he was waving them about.
- That was really exciting.
- That was good.
- The other new procedural point I mentioned quite a while ago now is the "I'm actually
of the week" and this is actually just good extra info, so it's not a correction.
- Okay, that's what we like best.
- This actually, James makes a good point, that is what we like best. Please do keep those
coming in. They don't have to be petty even.
So this is from Hannah Pilgrim and this is great. It is from something that went out
in September 2019, but still, it's brilliant.
- Okay, so Hannah says, she's been listening to old episodes. She made it back to 2019
and this is no such thing as giving birth up a climbing wall. Episode 285. The question
is in reference to the fact that some baseball players will piss on their hands to help them
get a better grip on the bat or prevent calluses.
- Yeah.
- I actually know why this is a thing, Hannah says. It's not to moisturize as was theorized
by you all. The uric acid found in urine in it actually breaks down hardened skin cells
and doing that regularly will prevent calluses from forming. She says, I'm an esthetician
and nail tech and when people have particularly tough calluses on their feet, no.
- She pisses on them.
- No.
- Oh my God.
- She's a callus softening spray that contains uric acid and encouraged clients to buy
foot creams that contain it as an ingredient. We don't however recommend pissing on your
feet to make them softer.
- But if you did.
- Is she not recommending it because it will put her out of business if this one quick hack
was done by everyone?
- Yeah.
- Well, she says, I'm sure getting some on them when you're peeing in the shower wouldn't
hurt.
- When you're peeing in the shower?
- What?
- What's this person called?
- Hannah.
- I want full name. What a name and shame. Hannah, who pees in the shower after the age
of 10?
- Who doesn't pee in the shower?
- Wow.
- Well, after a long day of work at Lurrisons, the shower was on at the time.
- No.
- Yeah.
- No, no, no, no.
- It is.
- Oh my God.
- I don't think so.
- Who doesn't pee in the shower? Dan. Dan's keeping very quiet.
- I think that's actually quite gross. I'm always surprised when you go to swimming pools
and they have signs up saying, "Please don't we in our showers."
- It's not reminded gross. It's slightly easier for a man to pee in the shower.
- Than what? Than peeing in the loo?
- Well, because it goes forwards. Because it goes forwards rather than down your leg.
- You know you're supposed to take your trousers down when you pee, and that frees up the genitals.
- I didn't take my trousers down when I do anything. I wear them in the shower, and
that'll have a poo in the sink. I'll go back to reception.
- What do you do in the B-day?
- I throw up in the B-day. Oh, it's great. I'm banned from David Lloyd, nationwide.
- I'm B and Q.
- That's a great hack though, if true.
- Yeah.
- Dan, I'm sure there's an Aussie saying, "He's the kind of guy who would step out of
the shower to take a whiz." Isn't that a...
- And it means like, oh, something's a bit soft, you know? A bit prissy.
- Right.
- Oh, I'm going to step out of the shower, dry myself, put my trousers on, undo the
fly, take my pants off, have a pee, get back in the shower.
- I've never heard that.
- Really?
- The only Aussie friend of mine that has a quirk like that is he'll always have a shower
after a poo. Always.
- Always?
- Always.
- No, impossible.
- Impossible.
- But sometimes you can't...
- He controls.
- But he just douches his bum. He can't take all of his clothes out, climb into the shower.
- Yeah, he has a...
- Climb out.
- If he knows he's going to have a poo, he'll have a shower after this.
- Do you mean he waits until there's a shower available to him before he'll even have a
poo?
- Yes, yeah.
- Gosh.
- Pretty bad for you, holding it in that long.
- Wow, he's alive.
- Well, quite often your bathroom would have both a toilet and a shower in, so you're likely
to be in the same...
- No, you're likely, but sometimes you won't. Sometimes you're in a cubicle somewhere and
there's no shower available.
- Yeah, public loo.
- Does he just dip himself in the sink?
- I go for poos in public loo. I've asked him all the questions. Yeah, I've done this.
- Wow.
- Can I ask, did you say she was an esthetist or something?
- Esthetician.
- Esthetician, which I have never heard before.
- It sounds like someone who goes to sleep in the summer.
- It's just someone who's into it, who deals with your aesthetic...
- It's a skin beautification person.
- There you go.
- And he deals with all of that.
- By weeing on you. And it wouldn't put her out of business.
- It's kind of like... And it says she doesn't... No one's being weed on here.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Well, I think they should stop.
- You see, it doesn't grow to me else as much as maybe other people.
But you know, when you're learning guitar in the early days, the calluses you get on
your fingers from the strings are so great. If you just had a mug of piss next to you
and you just get your fingers in, but it sounds like that would work.
That sounds like that's a good thing.
- Don't leave it lying around the house, though.
Other housemates get pissed off about accidentally drinking for that kind of thing.
- Very true.
- Well, thank you, Hannah, for that, which has prompted a lot of debate.
- Do you pee every time you're in the shower?
- No. No, no, not every time. - Okay. Special occasions.
- If you need a pee, you're in the shower?
- Yeah.
- Wow, I'm being treated like a pariah here.
- No, exciting revelation. You rarely tell anything personal about your life.
And then you've come out with that.
- Anyway, if anyone is, I'm texting someone's Wikipedia.
- Andy, pee's in the shower.
- I'm to Murray.
- Yeah, I'm happy we're Gary, actually.
- Thank you.
- Oh, dear.
- Have we got any more?
- Well, there's one more. Let's get one more.
- There's one more.
- A great guy called Jeremy Carracken.
- Carracken?
- Cool name.
- Yeah.
- Who has, we were joking about the non-existence of a particular film,
and this guy actually has written that film.
- Oh.
- Do you remember when we had Jamie Morton from My Dad Rated Porno on the podcast?
- Yeah, and I wasn't there.
- Hannah, you weren't on this one.
- No.
- James, you had a fact that no films tagged on IMDb with certain names had won a Oscar?
- Yeah, Double D.
- So it's breast implants, zombies, and food fights.
- Food fights, yeah.
- What was your movie called again?
- The Undead Custard Brawl.
- That's right.
- OK, Jeremy writes, "Great work as always.
"My writing partner and I did once write a screenplay about zombies
"caused by breast implants taken from corpses."
- Oh, really? Interesting.
- We didn't win an Oscar, he writes, unnecessarily, I would say,
but we did win the Hamptons Film Festival screenwriting conference.
It's a ridiculous piece of nonsense and probably the best thing we ever wrote.
- Wow.
- There's no food fight in it, though.
So that could be something that could even elevate it to natural award-winning status.
- And then you're looking at the Oscar.
So thank you, Jeremy.
- They haven't made it, have they? They've just written.
- He doesn't say whether or not it was made.
Maybe it's in development.
- Yeah, possibly.
- You know what hasn't happened for a while?
Like a British comedy group making a really lame zombie movie.
- Yes.
- That used to happen all the time.
All I'm saying is we are a UK comedy troupe.
- When I'm away, guys, please let this be the thing that you do.
[laughter]
That's it for Drop of the Line this week.
Thank you so much for listening, everybody.
If you would like to get in contact, just email podcast@qi.com.
Send us your...
I'm actually...
Send us your corrections.
Send us your bonus information, which we really, really like hearing.
If there's a joke that we've missed on the podcast,
send it anywhere.
We'll read everything.
We do read everything.
Thank you for listening to this.
If you would like to join the FishCord,
the "No such thing as a fish" Discord,
you can get that by going to no such thing as a fish.com/fishcord.
It is a thriving community of fish listeners,
chatting and topping stories and observations about the show
and the people in it.
Okay, thanks for listening.
We'll see you next time.
Bye!
[Music]
(upbeat music)